[MUSIC]
So this lecture will talk
about the Arduino schematics.
The schematics of
the actual Arduino board.
This is definitely, somewhat advanced.
We’re not going to be
modifying the schematics but
it’s still very useful to look at.
Because understanding schematics, being
able to read them, is a very useful skill.
Because often, I find,
whenever I make any new design the first
thing I do is look for people who have
already made similar designs, right.
So I go on the internet and
look around, and
has anybody ever done anything like this.
And you find DIY projects, do it yourself
projects that are up there online.
And the traditional way to
convey a hardware design is
to draw you a schematic.
They say, look,
here's how we've wired everything.
That's what a schematic is, it's a diagram
of what the components are on the device
and how they're wired together.
I said, you can copy that.
So, often I find myself looking at
schematics and then copying them.
Implementing, wiring things
together according to schematic.
So you have to be able to read these
schematics in order to do that.
So, it's a very useful thing to be able
to do, so we'll look at doing arduino
schematic a little bit, since it's an open
source schematic and we can do that.
So this is the schematic for
the Arduino UNO revision three, rev three,
which is what you probably are using.
The Arduino designs are open source, so
this hardware schematic is open source.
And you can download this
off arduino.cc website.
You could build your own.
You could take that schematic and
design your own circuit,
wire it together if you wanted to.
Now you'll notice,
this is a little bit smaller to read,
but it's got a lot of
different components.
We won't go through everything, but
we'll go through sort of the big pieces in
there, just to describe what they are and
how they relate to the board.
Because all of the components that you
see in this schematic are on the physical
development board that you have.
So they're all on there.
Notice one thing too,
that the layout here, the layout that
you see them draw on the schematic
has nothing to do with how they are laid
out on the actual board, right?
When they lay them out on the physical
board, the layout is done the placement,
placing the parts,
is done in such a way to make it compact.
Where on a screen when you see
a schematic, you're not necessarily
worried about compactness,
you want it to be more readable.
Right?
So, it's laid out in a completely
different fashion in the schematic than
it actually is on the physical board.
Now if you want to see the actual board
layout, the eagle files, the cat files for
that, they are available on Arduino.cc and
they are harder to read,
but you can look at that.
But this is not that.
This is just a wiring
schematic that shows you what
components should be connected to what.
And what pins should be
connected to what pins.
So, let's look at it in
a little more detail.
Okay, so if you look at the schematic,
we've highlighted a few
interesting things here.
First things we've highlighted
are the processors.
So like we said, there are two
microcontrollers on this device.
There's the ATmega328, which is the main
one that you're gonna be programming.
And then there's the ATmega16U2
that deals with the USB connection.
So you can see both of those
are highlighted in the picture And
actually, from the look of it,
it looks like the ATmega16U2 is bigger.
It's not bigger [LAUGH].
This is not drawn to scale.
So the ATmega16U2 is actually
a smaller chip on the board.
But that doesn't matter.
It's bigger because the text
is bigger inside the box.
And you'll notice that each
one of these components,
they label each one of the pins.
So you can see their names for
each one of the pins that tell you
what pins are being wired to what.
Also, you could see the pins to the board,
so the Adruino board,
are also highlighted.
So the power pins, the analog in pins,
and the digital i o pins.
You can see all those wired there,
too, or highlighted there, too.
Those relate directly to components
that you see on the board,
that we saw on the board already.
Now in addition to these, what do we have.
Here's some more interesting parts.
Power connector, so remember we saw
the power connector on the board,
there it is highlighted.
The ICSP headers, ICSP1 ICSP2 those
two headers that are used for
programming the firmware on the two
processors, those are highlighted there.
The USB connector you can see that.
And just for a reference sake,
cuz he had to make a 328 again.
So those are most of the big
parts that are on the board and
that you can see in the schematic.
There are a bunch of little parts in
there, LEDs and things like this,
resistors, little components too, but
we're not gonna go enumerate all of them.
But the idea though, is that the whole
point of the schematic is to show you how
everything is wired together.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]